SP-1606: Updates to describe the content of DP1 and updates to the AP plans (#41)
lsst/rtn-011: tables/rubin_early_pp_scenario.tex

        \tiny  \makecell{Phase 1: 3 -- 16 weeks post System First Light}  & 
        \tiny   \makecell{Phase 2: 18 -- 17 weeks post System First Light} \\[5pt] \cline{2-3}        
        {\parbox{0.5\linewidth}{\vspace{0.6cm} \textbf{Data Product}}}  &   
        { \makecell{ \textbf{LSSTCam Commissioning }  }}  & 
        {\makecell{\textbf{Year 1 Survey} \\ \textbf{Operations} }} 
         \\[10pt] \cline{2-3} \hline

\textbf{Alerts}     &  Alert volume and latency will improve throughout the commissioning period. Aiming for ``near-live'' brokered Alert stream by the end of LSSTCam Commissioning.  &  
Continued ramp up of the alert stream contingent on the availability of templates.  Alerts expected to reach near full volume and fidelity after DR1.  Alert stream latency in year 1 is 120 seconds. \\  \arrayrulecolor{gray}\hline
%

> \textbf{PP Processed Visit Images}     & Commissioning of the PP image differencing and incremental template building. Prompt image release is embargoed during commissioning (\S~\ref{ssec:impact}).  &   Access to unvetted processed visit images as prompt products in the first 6 months of the LSST is TBD.      \\  \arrayrulecolor{gray}\hline

Reviewer: ```suggestion
\textbf{PP Processed Visit Images}     & Commissioning of the PP image differencing and incremental template building. Prompt image release is embargoed during commissioning (\S~\ref{ssec:impact}).  &   Access to processed visit images as prompt products in the first 6 months of the LSST is TBD.      \\  \arrayrulecolor{gray}\hline
```

Author: Ahh - I thought I had removed all 'unvetted'.  Thanks!

> \textbf{PP Difference Images}     & Difference imaging will be somewhat limited, since the image template sky coverage will be sparse. Prompt image release is embargoed during commissioning (\S~\ref{ssec:impact}). &     Difference imaging will steadily increase as incremental template building increases the templates available. Prompt access to unvetted PP difference images is TBD.    \\\hline

Reviewer: ```suggestion
\textbf{PP Difference Images}     & Difference imaging will be somewhat limited, since the image template sky coverage will be sparse. Prompt image release is embargoed during commissioning (\S~\ref{ssec:impact}). &     Difference imaging will steadily increase as incremental template building increases the templates available. Access to PP difference images in the first 6 months of LSST is TBD.    \\\hline
```
